Thompson yeah Brian Jack I am a huge fan
of your show Wow
well we are big fans of your product
and/or service so anyway how about a
tour of the office show you how things
work here at the place that'd be great
cool okay and over here is where we feed
we'll cow that cage be careful potatoes
yes only potatoes mr. sack yes we need
your timesheet for last week okay thank
you that had 200 hours on it yeah
there's not 200 hours in the week hey
Doc are you cool yeah I'm cool
are you sure yeah I'm cool yeah great
let's go see the TV studio now is the
control room and here is our writers
room that's just a closet with some old
kids in the hall scripts see he gets it
yeah we pretty much just aired those and
no one has ever noticed the difference
that's not ethical that's the great
thing about working for the blaze
Glenn's family follows his show our
family follows our show your family's
gonna follow your show and no one's any
the wiser here help yourself I'm not
gonna do that
hey Doc I thought you said you were cool
I am cool I don't know Bry are you
getting a cool vibe no jack how about
you nope well I certainly hope you're
cool because around here we like to work
with cool people like Jack isn't that
right jack how cool are you oh my god
yeah that's right
great um can I show you the kitchenette
this way good right it's not bad for
office coffee now we're going to take
you downstairs to our sex dungeon to
talk to our unpaid intern slaves I hope
you brought your riding crop jack uh you
bet I did
and before you go and say something
uncool for minding what are saying is
around here we'll cane snitches get
stitches
word okay stop
I don't care if you guys think I am cool
or not I'm not changing just to fit in
here at the blaze I'm not gonna cheat on
my timesheet I'm not gonna plagiarize
and I'm not gonna do whatever it is you
do with that riding crop you did it yes
what it was a test you passed the test
yes really yeah of course you think we
have a sex dungeon we barely live this
space for a break room thank God you
guys really had me freaking out don't
worry about it buddy you really had me
going there you do what do you gotta go
man we got a show to do okay guys it was
hey it was really great to meet you guys
thanks so much
I look forward to working with you
welcome to the team I'm gonna cut his
brake line
oh don't worry half the coffee was
uranium
you